# 나라말

[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Naramal)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Naramal/)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/steamb23/Naramal/master/Icon.png" alt="icon" height="128" width="128">

[Read in english](#Naramal)

C#에서의 유연한 한글처리를 위해 만들어진 라이브러리입니다. 유니코드 2.0부터 정립된 Hangul Syllables 기반으로 동작하여 한글의 자소를 분리하고 다시 이를 합칠 수 있습니다. 이 라이브러리를 사용하면 한글을 보다 유연하게 처리할 수 있습니다.

또한 특정 규칙에 따라 구분되는 조사 처리 기능을 제공합니다.

## [사용 방법](https://github.com/steamb23/Naramal/wiki)

[위키](https://github.com/steamb23/Naramal/wiki)를 확인해주세요.

## 라이센스

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 SteamB23

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

# Naramal

[한글로 읽기](#나라말)

This library is designed for flexible Korean processing in C#. It operates on the basis of Hangul Syllables established from Unicode 2.0, separating the elements of Hangul and combining them again.

It also provides postpositions processing that is separated by specific rules in korean.

## [How to use](https://github.com/steamb23/Naramal/wiki)

Please check [wiki](https://github.com/steamb23/Naramal/wiki).

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 SteamB23

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
